irBnB_clone_v2
Python Scripts Allowed editors: vi, vim, emacs. Files will be interpreted/compiled on Ubuntu 20.04 LTS using python3 (version 3.8.5). Files must be executable. The length of your files will be tested using wc. Python Unit Tests All your test files should be inside a folder tests. You have to use the unittest module. All your test files should be python files (extension: .py). All your test files and folders should start by test_. Your file organization in the tests folder should be the same as your project: ex: for models/base_model.py, unit tests must be in: tests/test_models/test_base_model.py. SQL Scripts Files will be executed on Ubuntu 20.04 LTS using MySQL 8.0. Files will be executed with SQLAlchemy version 1.4.x. All SQL keywords should be in uppercase (SELECT, WHERE…). The length of your files will be tested using wc. 🎨 Style Code should use the PEP 8 style (version 2.7.*). Comments for your SQL file: $ cat my_script.sql -- first 3 students in the Batch ID=3 -- because Batch 3 is the best! SELECT id, name FROM students WHERE batch_id = 3 ORDER BY created_at DESC LIMIT 3; $ HBNB - The Console This repository contains the initial stage of a student project to build a clone of the AirBnB website. This stage implements a backend interface, or console, to manage program data. Console commands allow the user to create, update, and destroy objects, as well as manage file storage. Using a system of JSON serialization/deserialization, storage is persistent between sessions.
